let's go well if you have a nice trip
it's good to see you down here again
where are we well we're in Canterbury in
northern Spain and we're gonna sell it
being a witness they are big wave
competition la vaca Gigante I came to
this part of the world on 16 years ago
from San Diego California and instantly
fell in love with this countryside its
food its people its waves and the
culture in general this place called my
home now is used to be not a very big
surfing community but now there's a big
wave competition quicksilver's brought
them now vaca Gigante here what's gonna
be celebrated tomorrow several writers
gonna catch some big giant waves out
there and we're gonna bring it home to
you right here
you
so
so many things are
be better
you
Oh
for the rainy days
you don't
Arlen
marvin gaye
you won't you sing
Curtis Mayfield
next year I hope it's gonna be bigger
yeah the problem is that was too small
for the two call it ki ghanti you know
the giant cow yeah so at the end it was
just like a spiritual system but it was
fun oh well good today unfortunately
wasn't wasn't that good few sets not
again but I think I made the decision
and that's that uh yeah it's killer the
wave it's really sick it's just the pity
that it's just a little bit of too
inconsistent there's some big waves
coming through but it's just just a
teeny bit too inconsistent so this wave
has those little time that is staying in
air that all those new ways from Mary's
in my mayor hell you just treat me on
the air like boom so I probably be back
for sure and for another free surface
oh so many things you not have gone
alright well that about does it i hope
you liked our little journey here in
qatari a little experience with this big
way of competition wasn't exactly what
everybody expected giant waves but there
were some beauties and you got to know
another culture so that's it cantabria
2011 vodka Gigante now we're just going
to sit back and wait till next year
maybe the waves will get giant again I'm
Nick Omar Marco and thanks for being
with us we're gonna just stay tuned and
look at the ocean because as we know
it's always changing the only constant
in life is change enjoy